Add Power BI connector (#216)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/power_bi/README.md

# PowerBI Connector

> This connector extracts technical metadata from PowerBI workspaces using [Power BI REST APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/power-bi/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector extracts technical metadata from PowerBI workspaces using [Power BI REST APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/power-bi/).
```

## Setup

We recommend creating a dedicated Azure AD Application and a dedicated security group for the connector to use.

> 1. Follow [Microsoft doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/developer/embedded/embed-service-principal) to create an app and a security group. And add the service principal to the security group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow [Microsoft doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/developer/embedded/embed-service-principal) to create an app and a security group. Add the app's [service principal](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/app-objects-and-service-principals#service-principal-object) to the security group.
```

> 2. Login to PowerBI as Admin ane enable the following setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Log into PowerBI as Admin and enable the following setting.
```

Reviewer: Any links showing how to enable these settings?

    - Allow service principles to use Power BI APIs
    - Allow service principals to use read-only Power BI admin APIs
    - Enhance admin APIs responses with detailed metadata

### Note

> 1. Make sure you add either service principal or security group to your workspaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you add either the service principal or security group to your workspaces.
```

Reviewer: If you can add service principals directly to the workspace, why do you need a security group in the first place?

Author: Because we need a security group to use read-only Power BI admin APIs.

Reviewer: I see. In that case it's not either-or but both?

> 2. Make sure your app did not have any extra permission granted just simply add service principal to your workspace. See: [Enable service principal authentication for read-only admin APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/admin/read-only-apis-service-principal-authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Make sure your app did not have any extra permission granted. Simply add the service principal to your workspace. See [Enable service principal authentication for read-only admin APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/admin/read-only-apis-service-principal-authentication) for more details.
```

1. Follow [Microsoft doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/developer/embedded/embed-service-principal) to create an app and a security group. Add the app's [service principal](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/app-objects-and-service-principals#service-principal-object) to the security group.

2. Log into PowerBI as Admin and enable the following setting. We recommend to enable these permission to the security group which service principal belong to. See [Enable service principal authentication for read-only admin APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/admin/read-only-apis-service-principal-authentication) for more details.
    - Allow service principles to use Power BI APIs
    - Allow service principals to use read-only Power BI admin APIs
    - Enhance admin APIs responses with detailed metadata

3. Add security group or service principal to all workspaces of interest. See: [Add the service principal to your workspace](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/developer/embedded/embed-service-principal#step-4---add-the-service-principal-to-your-workspace)

> ### Note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Make sure your app did not have any extra Power BI permission granted. See step 3 of this [doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/admin/read-only-apis-service-principal-authentication#method) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Make sure your app did not have any extra Power BI permission granted. See step 3 of this [doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/admin/read-only-apis-service-principal-authentication#method) for more details.
```
